Add Licence, headers and contribution guidelines (#485)
paritytech/polkassembly: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first check whether the issue has already been logged, and if not, please file the ticket by creating a New Issue.

## Logging an Issue

1. Make sure this issue has not already been raised. If a relevant issue has been closed already please reopen it or make a reference to it in a new issue.
2. Add appropriate labels to the issue (e.g. F1-documentation)
3. Add the issue to the appropriate Project and/or Milestones. If unsure, leave it blank.
4. For minor issues, it is acceptable to describe the problem and offer a potential route to fix it. For more involved feature requests or bugs, please include the following details at the minimum:

##### For bugs:

> - current system OS

Reviewer: current
```suggestion
- current system OS
- current browser user-agent
```

- repository branch
- steps to reproduce
- stack trace

##### For feature requests:

- rationale
- paint the feature step by step (in words)
- mockup (optional)

## Pull Request Process

1. Pick an issue off the Issue tracker for the repository, and assign yourself before working on it so we don't have duplicated effort.
2. If unsure about the specifics of implementing a particular issue, please make a Draft PR sooner rather than later, and start a discussion from there.
3. When designing a new UI component, please make sure your changes are also reflected in the appropriate Storybook story.
4. Increase the version numbers in any examples files and the README.md to the new version that this

>    Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).

Reviewer: Are we really using semver

Author: nope, removing that

> 5. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you

Reviewer: 2 devs? 1 is fine for polkassembly.

> 5. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you

Author: ```suggestion
5. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of at least one of the maintainers.
```

>    do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Commit Messages

Please follow the standards outlined in Conventional Commits: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.3/#specification

## Code of Conduct

> ### Our Pledge

Reviewer: This was much needed. I can't belive how we are running our open source project without code of conduct. Thankyou very much for that.

reported by contacting the project team by logging an issue. All
complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that
is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is
obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.
Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good
faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other
members of the project's leadership.

### Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4,
available at [http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4][version]

[homepage]: http://contributor-covenant.org
[version]: http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/
[updateScripts]: https://gist.github.com/jacogr/9f0c8b33a7f14d944925787643dbf55b

## Styleguides

All TypeScript code must adhere to the [semistandard style](https://github.com/Flet/semistandard). These rules are programmatically enforced by `eslint`.

Moreover, we follow the following rules:

> - Put brackets around arguments in closures, even if there's only one argument.

Reviewer: We are not doing this

Author: As you can guess, that's a copy paste from another project. I didn't look carefully but I had the impression that we did follow this, maybe not enforced, but implicitly.

```diff
- const f = x => x + 1;
+ const f = (x) => x + 1;
```

- Add a blank line before a function's `return` statement.

```diff
function f () {
  const x = get_random_number();

> +

Reviewer: not following this also. but if we want to we need to have a issue with this task to fix existing code

Author: This I think we should

  return x;
}
```

- Separate imports into 2 blocks: absolute imports and relative imports.

```diff
import { a } from 'react';
+
import { b } from '../my/moduleB';
```

> - Sort imports alphabetically by package name. The character '@' comes before alphanumerical characters.

Reviewer: we should enforce all this with eslint

Author: definitely, this is already the case in chain-db watcher, that needs to go everywhere.
